Allow more fine-grained control over what submodules are updated: part 2 (#27293)
LLNL/spack: lib/spack/docs/packaging_guide.rst

Submodules
  You can supply ``submodules=True`` to cause Spack to fetch submodules
  recursively along with the repository at fetch time.

  .. code-block:: python

     version('1.0.1', tag='v1.0.1', submodules=True)

>   If a package has per-variant submodules, define ``submodules`` to be a

Reviewer: Maybe we can slightly modify the docs to be more general:
```suggestion
  If a package needs more fine-grained control over submodules, define ``submodules`` to be a
```
The idea is that we can construct the list of submodules based on any attribute of the spec, not just variants.

  callable function that takes the package instance as its only argument.  The
  function should return a list of submodules to be fetched.

  .. code-block:: python

     def submodules(package):
         submodules = []
         if "+variant-1" in package.spec:
             submodules.append("submodule_for_variant_1")
         if "+variant-2" in package.spec:
             submodules.append("submodule_for_variant_2")

>          return submodules

Reviewer: Why are we passing a package and not just the concrete spec?

Author: Only for the general case where the submodules may depend on something other than the concrete spec.
